SmbShare module new compression parameters (#3114)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/smbshare/Set-SmbClientConfiguration.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableCompressibilitySampling
Controls the sampling behavior. SMB by default always attempts to compress the entire file when a
client or server requests it, without using compression sampling. With EnableCompressibilitySampling

> set to '$true' SMB uses of an algorithm where it attempted to compress the first 524,288,000 bytes

Reviewer: default algorithm. Those values of 500MiB and 100MiB are what are controlled by CompressibiltySamplingSize and CompressibleThreshold above - if not populated, these are the values used (maybe that should be in their example?).

 And despite their ranges being UInt64, the _actual_ limit for the compression feature is 9,007,199,254,740,992 (9PiB). That's worth nothing on those two params help.

Author: I've updated this whole parameter; I've also referenced the actual compression limit in the other two parameters. Please let me know if you are happy with the updates.

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -EnableCompressibilitySampling

Controls the sampling behavior. SMB by default always attempts to compress the entire file when a
client or server requests it. With **EnableCompressibilitySampling** set to `$true`, SMB uses the
compression sampling algorithm where it attempts to compress the file based on the values
configured in the **CompressibiltySamplingSize** and **CompressibleThreshold** parameters.

> With **EnableCompressibilitySampling** set to `$true` and if you don't use the
> **CompressibiltySamplingSize** and **CompressibleThreshold** parameters, the algorithm will by
> default attempt to compress the first 524,288,000 bytes (500 MiB) of a file during transfer. The
> algorithm will try to track that at least 104,857,600 bytes (100 MiB) compresses within that 500 MiB
> range. If fewer than 100 MiB was compressible, SMB compression stopped trying to compress the rest
> of the file. If at least 100 MiB compressed, SMB compression attempted to compress the rest of the
> file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you specify **EnableCompressibilitySampling** as `$true` and don't specify either the
**CompressibiltySamplingSize** or **CompressibleThreshold** parameters, the algorithm attempts to
compress the first `524,288,000` bytes (500 MiB) of a file during transfer. The algorithm tries to
track that at least `104,857,600` bytes (100 MiB) compresses within that 500 MiB range. If fewer
than 100 MiB was compressible, SMB compression stops trying to compress the rest of the file. If at
least 100 MiB compressed, SMB compression attempts to compress the rest of the file.
```

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -RequestCompression

> Indicates if SMB client should always request compression even if server or application didn't

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Indicates if SMB client should always request compression even if the server or application didn't
```

Author: Updated as suggested.
